[high-pitched microphone static]
BENNY: New York. New York!
[whooping]
Oh. my goodness.
I can't even begin to tell
you how overwhelmed I am.
It would be my great honor
to serve as your city's
district attorney!
[applause and cheering]
Now I have to thank
A.D.A. Kenneth Kiehl.
the man behind the man.
I have never run for office.
I've never even considered it.
He showed me the way.
Thank you.
[applause and
cheering]I also have
to thank my sister Isabella.
without whose
encouragement and support
none of this would
have happened.
[applause]And...
I also want to thank
her new. old. husband.
my friend
and my old boss. Dr. Jason Bull.
[applause]
[whooping]
Talk about an end of an era.
[alarm clock blaring]
[alarm stops]IZZY: Jason?
Have you seen her...
her rattle thing?
The pig one or the
cat one? ASTRID: Dada!
The cat one. her favorite one.
Yeah. it's right here
in the bag. Dada. Mama.
You know where you're going?
Uh. the florist. wedding
photographer. party planner.
You know. our wedding
is on Saturday.
and it still feels like we're
just nailing things down.
[laughing]: It seems crazy.
Why don't you take the
SUV? It's right downstairs.
Okay. sure.
Hey. do you want to
go in Daddy's car?
Yeah? Yeah.
[buzzer sounds]
Yes. Tony?
Dr. Bull. your guest is here.
Doctor.
District Attorney Sherman.
Former... District
Attorney Sherman.
I'm vaccinated. You vaccinated?
I am. Oh. good.
Then I'm gonna take
this damn thing off.
Huh. Great minds.Yeah.
Thanks for seeing me.
sneaking me into your home.
Yeah.
David. I just...
I just don't see any way in
the world that I can help you.
I mean. Benny...
He's my lead attorney
and my best friend.
my fiancée's brother. and he
is running to take
over your job. He's
six points ahead in the poll
as of this morning. I just...
I know all that.
but I'm in a fight
for my life. Jason.
I can't go to jail.
I can't do that to
my family. I just
can't.
I need you.
No. you don't.
There are thousands of other
firms out there in the city.
Hmm? What happened to the
one you were working with?
I fired them yesterday.
They wanted me to
settle. and I'm innocent.
Oh. David. I wish that I
could help you here. but...
I don't see any way
of making this work.
Like I said.
I mean. not without
destroying Benny.
I don't think you're
understanding me.
Um
In my entire career.
I never compromised myself.
Except once.
For you.
If you make me go
somewhere else.
I'm gonna have to tell them
about that favor I did
for you eight years ago.
That favor I did
for you and Benny.
And that really
will destroy him.
They'll take away his
license to practice law.
Maybe even find a way to
go after him criminally
after all these years.
Benny doesn't know
about any of that.
Excellent.
Let's keep it that
way. Help me. Jason.
I swear to you...
I am an innocent man.
[elevator bell chimes]
Someone oversleep?
Someone somewhere. I'm sure.
[knocking]
BULL: Who is it?
Hey. Looking for me?
Yes...
I was.
We've been through
a lot. haven't we?
Uh. yeah. yeah.
More than a lot.
Why?
You're not getting all
emotional on me. are you?
Hey. look. I can
still lose this thing.
Polls have been
wrong in the past.
You trust me?
What are you talking about?
Of course I trust you.
I mean. we've virtually spent
every single day together
for the last eight
years. so. yeah.
You're comfortable with me.
we're comfortable
with each other.
but I'm asking you.
do you trust me?
Asked and answered.
Yes. I trust you.
A thousand ways
from Sunday. Yes.
David Sherman came
to see me today.
He wants TAC to
represent him in court.
You serious?
That's crazy. He
knows I work here.
He knows I'm running
to be the new D.A.
I mean. that's... that's crazy.
I know it is. but
here's the thing.
His original defense
team took a poll.
and it turns out 82%
of potential jurors believe
that he resigned
because he was guilty.
And his lawyers urged
him to take a plea.
Makes sense.
Except he's not gonna do that.
because he swears on his
life that he is innocent.
He says he was set up.
I mean. this is a man who. of
his own accord. who resigned
because he thought it would
be better for the city.
He didn't think it would
be fair to the electorate
to have a D.A. who was embroiled
by a court fight he
was in the middle of.
And that is who he is.
I've always liked Dave Sherman.
I've never made a secret of it.
Yeah. Remember how
you and I used to joke
that the only problem
Sherman had as D.A.
is that he was too
nice. too principled?
Well. it turns
out we were right.
Now he wants to
fight this thing.
And he needs the
right jury to do that.
and he feels very strongly
that it should be us.
I mean. me.
Obviously. I wouldn't
want you involved in this.
You're not seriously thinking
about helping him. are you?
I agreed to it this morning.
Oh. you did?
Well. where does
that leave me. Bull?
It leaves you six points
ahead in the D.A.'s race.
Yeah. but the
second you announce
that you're taking the case.
the media's gonna come after me.
They're gonna say. "Hey.
don't you still work at TAC?"
"Are you saying that-that
Dave Sherman is innocent?
"Are you saying that you
condone the corruption
that led to him resigning?"
I know it's tricky. Benny.
but you and your team will
figure out something to say.
That's your answer? Yes.
That is my answer.
Why are you doing this to me?
[laughs] I'm not
doing this to you.
You just got to trust me. Benny.
Anyone else know?
No. just you.
I'd like to keep it that way.
So let me get this straight.
You stab me in the back.
and then you ask me
to please keep it a secret.
Whatever you say. Bull.
♪
In about two hours. there's
going to be a press announcement
that David Sherman has
officially fired his counsel
and hired TAC to represent him
against charges of corruption
that have been leveled by
the State's Attorney General.
Wait a second. David Sherman.
the dirty district attorney
that Benny is
running to replace?
For what it's worth. I
don't believe he's dirty.
And I strongly believe
that he is innocent.
I also believe he's my friend.
And yeah. it's
that David Sherman.
Isn't Benny also a friend?
TAC is a business. and
Mr. Sherman needs our help.
Mr. Palmer. you will be
our attorney of record.
Okay. Okay. so
here's what happened.
Two years ago. during
an afternoon of
unusually blustery winds.
a construction crane
in Midtown Manhattan toppled
over. killed a pedestrian
on the street below.
Now the owner of the
construction company
that owned and operated
the crane in question
was charged with
negligent homicide.
And after he was charged.
he paid a visit to
the D.A.'s office.
The two men spoke at length.
and shortly thereafter.
the charges were dropped.
So wait. Is that why he's
being charged with corruption?
No.
The reason D.A. Sherman was
charged with corruption was that
after the negligent
homicide charge was dropped.
the attorney general
held a review
of his campaign
finance accounts.
And it turns out...
Would you believe it...
Almost $100.000 worth of
campaign contributions suddenly
appeared from the
construction company owner.
from his employees.
from his relatives.
even some of his neighbors.
So the inference is the
construction company owner
bought his way out
of the conviction?
Yeah. but the guy resigned.
He didn't even fight
it. He just... resigned.
No. He resigned so
he couldfight it.
Unfortunately. most of the
public doesn't see it that way.
which is where we come in.
Yes. Ms. Rentzel.
Is it okay to ask
how Benny feels about all this?
Well. I'm sure he is surprised.
I'm sure he's somewhat hurt.
You should feel free to ask him.
What can I do to help?
Are you talking to me?
The man who betrayed the most
likable man in the world?
It's my job to help.
Thank you. I guess we need
to find out everything we can
about this attorney general.
He's the one who
brought the charges
against our client.
I'd love to know why.
Sounds like a job for Danny.
I'd love to get a look at
Sherman's campaign records.
I want to know the
name of everyone
that gave even a dime
to get him elected.
BULL: Look.
everything I am doing
I promise you I am doing because
I care about your brother.
You know. just because
the man comes to you.
just because the man needs
you... you can still say "no."
Okay. it is a little bit
more complicated than that.
And I wish it were simple and
I could just explain it to you.
but I can't.
Tell me why it isn't.
I can't.
You just have to trust me.
I think we should put this
wedding thing on hold.
I mean. it's not a threat.
it's just... with the election
and-and COVID's not
even completely over
and then now this?
It just... [exhales]
It all feels like a sign.
like-like the world's
trying to tell us something
or just trying to tell
me something. anyway.
[crowd clamoring]
BENNY: Okay.
everybody. everybody.
please. please. please.
I know what you are
all here to ask me.
Okay? And just like you.
I found out this morning
that former District
Attorney Sherman has hired
the Trial Analysis
Corporation to represent him
in his upcoming court fight
against the State of New York.
So that there is no ambiguity
about my relationship
with regard to Mr. Sherman.
I am hereby announcing that
I. from this moment forward.
choose not to be employed by
the Trial Analysis Corporation.
in any capacity. and have
offered my resignation
via notarized letter.
Good to see you all. and
thank you for listening.
[reporters clamoring]
[phone ringing]
Hmm?
Hey.
BULL: Did I wake you?
No. Where are you?
The office.
Will probably
sleep here tonight.
You don't have to. uh.
put up such a fuss.
I didn't tell you
not to come home.
No. I know. [Sighs]
How's the candidate?
Well. he seems kind
of bulletproof.
He made his announcement today
and his numbers went up
a point in the polls.
Ah. well. you can
thank me later.
How's the case?
Pretty bullet-riddled. actually.
Tell me there'll be a day
that I'll actually
understand all of this.
I swear to you
there will be a day
when you actually
understand all of this.
I'm holding you to that.
So I heard from some
people around the office
that my Saturday
just got freed up.
I seem to remember that. uh.
there was some kind of
event on the calendar.
[exhales]
It was called on
account of rain.
Aha.
Well. what's your best guess?
Will we be playing a
makeup game someday
when the sun comes back out?
Let's just get through
the rain first.
Okay.
Talk tomorrow.
[sighs]
Jack Martel. You ever
heard of this guy?
No. sounds like
a game show host.
Taylor. Yo.
I got emailed the
revised witness list
very early this morning.
The name at the top of
it is "Jack Martel."
M-A-R-T-E-L.
[elevator bell chimes]
Hey. So what do you know?
TAYLOR: Well. assuming Jack is
actually Jonathan... no "H"...
He seems to be a
professional investigator
who actually worked for our
client for almost four years.
but then left him to go
work for... wait for it...
The attorney general.
And when did this happen?
Almost two years ago.
Right around the time
the A.G. announced he was
considering a run for Senate.
[quietly]: So. Jack Martel
used to work for you?
Yeah. Why you ask?
He's the first witness
up this morning.
BULL: Any idea
why he jumped ship
and went to the attorney
general's office?
Well. he... he
never said as much.
but the A.G. was making
noise about a Senate run.
and I was letting it
be known that I thought
I was the man for that job.
and I think Martel
voted with his feet.
Nothing like loyalty.
My name is Jack Martel.
I'm an investigator
for the New York Attorney
General's Office.
And how did you
come to be involved
with the matter before
the court today?
Little less than two years
ago. a Manhattan contractor
named Dean Burroughs was working
on a construction project
on the West Side of Manhattan
when one of his cranes.
which was over 40 stories
in the air. collapsed.
killing a man on
the street below.
It was announced that
Mr. Burroughs. the contractor.
was being charged with
negligent homicide.
and then. a short time
later. it was announced
that the charges were dropped.
No real explanation.
just dropped.
That's when my boss's
phone started ringing.
And as you explained previously.
your boss is the
attorney general.
That's right. That's correct.
What did you discover?
I discovered that after
Mr. Burroughs was arrested.
he requested and was
given an opportunity
to meet with then District
Attorney Mr. Sherman.
And what was the
purpose of that meeting?
Mr. Burroughs asked
him to dismiss
the homicide
charges against him.
And did the defendant
dismiss the charges
against Mr. Burroughs?
Eight days after their meeting.
WEST: And then
what happened next?
We took a shot in the dark.
We did a forensic accounting
of Mr. Sherman's
campaign finances.
and we discovered that
in the weeks and months
following the
dismissal. Mr. Burroughs
gave $10.000 to
Mr. Sherman's campaign.
His wife contributed
another six.
His father contributed
another $12.000
and his brother
and sister-in-law
each contributed 13.
And their total contributions?
$54.000.
And in addition. another $45.000
that was traced back
to friends. neighbors
and employees of
Mr. Burroughs's business.
A total of roughly $100.000.
Did you ask Mr. Sherman
about the money?
Of course. I remember
what he said to me.
"You know how these things work.
One hand washes the other."
And then he said.
"$100.000 actually gets you
a pretty good scrub."
[laughs softly]
WEST: Thank you.
No further questions.
CHUNK: Morning. Mr. Martel.
Good morning.
So. let me make sure
that I understand.
You expect this jury to believe
that the district
attorney of Manhattan.
a man who's raised millions of
dollars in campaign donations.
would be willing to throw
it all away for $100.000?
[scoffs] I'm just
telling you what I know.
I'm telling you
what he... A-And...
And after he supposedly
put his reputation
and his career and his
livelihood on the line.
that he would brag about it?
To you?
A man who quit working
for him with no notice?
That's what you're
telling the jury?
Objection. Badgering.
Sustained.
Let me ask you another question.
Did you conduct an
independent investigation
of the crane accident?
I did.
Negligent homicide requires
proof that Burroughs' actions
caused the death of the victim.
Isn't it entirely reasonable
that my client determined
that those facts did not
satisfy that burden of proof?
All I can tell you is
he was more than happy
to share with me that
his campaign pocketed
a lot of money in the
aftermath of that decision.
Mm... You didn't record it?
You didn't record it?
Nope.
And there were no
other witnesses?
Nope.
Well. it makes sense. you worked
for the man for a long time.
and clearly you two
knew each other well.
and safe to say that he'd
trust you with his secrets?
He obviously did.
So can you tell us another?
Excuse me? Tell
me another secret.
Tell me another time. in all the
time that you worked with him.
that he broke the law.
betrayed his oath of office.
betrayed the trust of the people
that put him in that
office multiple times.
Mr. Martel.
you just testified under oath
that District Attorney Sherman
was willing to let a
guilty man go scot-free
for the right price.
Now. are you trying
to convince this jury
that in all the time
that you worked for him.
that you never saw him commit
any other illegal acts?
I'm waiting for an answer. sir.
Not off the top of my head.
Bingo.
Well. if any other
part of your head
comes up with another
answer. don't be shy.
Feel free to let us know.
Now. let me ask you this.
Are you aware that
the attorney general.
the prosecutor's
boss... And your boss...
Is eyeing a run for the Senate?
Objection! Relevance?
Your Honor...
This cuts to the very core
of our defense. Your Honor.
as this is obviously a
politically-motivated
persecution of an innocent man
who happens to be
contemplating the same seat.
BULL: You see how he snuck
that motive in there?
No question. no witness.
Think someone might object?
Objection. Counsel
is testifying.
Enough. You know better
than that. Mr. Palmer.
He sure does. Thank goodness.
I'm sorry. Your Honor.
But I submit that the attorney
general's political ambitions
are wholly relevant to show
his bias towards Mr. Sherman.
He pulled a Britney Spears
there. Oops. he did it again.
Ms. West. the man makes a point.
Fine.
Let the record show
that we stipulate the
attorney general has filed
the requisite papers
for a Senate run.
Stipulation noted.
Any further
questions. Counselor?
Nope. Not a one.
True confession?
For the first time today.
I thought. "Bull's been
right about this all along."
"Man's innocent.
"Of course he had
to take this case.
"Of course he wouldn't
allow that man to go to jail
"for something that's
becoming more and more obvious
"that he did not do." [chuckles]
You might want to reserve
judgement on all that.
What. are you saying
he isn't innocent?
I'm saying maybe
I'm not so smart.
Maybe not so steeped in virtue.
Oh. come on. Bull. You
upset a lot of people.
You destroyed an
important relationship.
You... you were supposed to
get married this weekend.
And I admire how you didn't
let anything or anyone
compromise your principles.
That's something. man.
I had a gun to my head.
[sighs]
What's this for?
I just hired you.
And now I would like to invoke
attorney-client privilege.
About eight or so years ago.
maybe the third case
Benny and I ever had.
this anesthesiologist
calls us out of the blue.
Nice guy. Terrible story.
His wife and child
had been killed
in what looked like a
horrific murder-suicide.
The mother had...
suffocated the baby
and then shot herself.
But as the investigation
went along.
the detectives started
to think... otherwise.
They started to think the
whole thing looked staged.
And that this anesthesiologist
had killed his family.
So... Benny and I
got down to business.
We did our thing...
You've seen it.
Benny can dance.
I mean. he got out
there... [laugh]
Watching him in court
took my breath away.
And four weeks and a hell
of a closing argument later
the jury voted not guilty.
All right. Benny.
Mm-hmm.
Yeah. so Benny and his
client went out to celebrate.
And sometime after midnight.
after having more drinks
than Benny could count.
our client confessed
to his attorney
that he actually did it.
That he did kill his family.
And now. thanks to Benny
and my combined skills.
he was gonna have the
life he really wanted.
Oh. my...
What did you do?
I didn't do anything.
But Benny beat the
crap out of the guy.
Knocked out two
teeth. broke a rib.
Gave him a concussion.
That's called
assault. by the way.
You go to jail for that.
Lose your license
to practice law.
for that.
Benny was. understandably.
in a panic.
And I kept telling him he didn't
have anything to worry about.
A man who just got away
with murder is not gonna run
to the cops 'cause somebody
messed up his smile.
Yeah...
I was wrong.
The anesthesiologist
filed charges.
Oh. no.
So I went to the D.A.
Unbeknownst to Benny.
Our client.
Mr. Sherman.
The most honest
man in the world.
Never bent a rule.
never broke a law.
But now it was my turn.
And I danced and I pleaded
and I did everything I could.
And finally D.A. Sherman got it.
'Cause he knew Benny. he
knew he was a good man.
Yeah. Knew he had a good heart.
So he took the
murderer's complaint
and D.A. Sherman
conveniently just lost it.
It just disappeared.
And to Benny. it seemed like
the whole thing just blew over.
Well
that's n-nice. I guess.
And then. as luck would have
it. our anesthesiologist friend
had a little party with
himself and some amyl nitrate
and ended up choking
on his own vomit.
Well. sounds like. uh.
it was all meant to be.
Sounds like it.
Did I mention that I told
the D.A. I owed him one?
And that. by the way.
what the D.A. and I did.
that
is called obstruction
of justice.
And for that. they lock you
up and throw away the key.
Okay.
[whoops] I am up one
point in the polls.
So. you hear anything
about the trial?
Whole thing's pretty much
a foregone conclusion.
Lots of muscle on one side.
almost none on Sherman's.
Hey. Don't underestimate TAC.
Don't underestimate the will
of the attorney general.
Look. I don't know if
Sherman actually did
the things they're claiming.
I just know. as someone
who worked for him.
the guy made it impossible for
people like me to get ahead.
Held his staff
to an impossible standard.
I don't know. I mean. I
just always saw him
as a straight shooter.
An idealist.
You know? There's
nothing wrong with that.
There is if you're trying
to get things done.
For the people and for yourself.
Oh. come on. Benny.
Nobody who's any good at
the business of government
is completely straight.
You can't be.
There's too much
money changing hands.
Anybody who's smart is planning
their exit strategy and
their retirement package
from the moment
they get in there.
They have to.
That's why a-a guy
like Sherman had to go.
[exhales] He stands in the
way of too many things.
too many people.
too much money.
It'll be different when you
and I are running things.
SHERMAN: When I first heard
about the indictments.
I was stunned.
I had been district attorney
of Manhattan for over a decade
and always prided myself
on being above reproach.
CHUNK: Then why resign?
Why not stick it out and fight?
I had a strong feeling about
who it was I was up against.
I knew it was gonna be a
long and difficult fight.
one that was gonna demand
all of my attention.
and I
felt that the people of New York
deserved better than
a part-time D.A.
Well. let's talk about
this meeting that you had
with the contractor.
Dean Burroughs.
You see now how
having such a meeting
might have given the
appearance of impropriety?
Actually. I don't.
Uh. Mr. Burroughs
was a constituent.
I effectively worked for him.
just as I do for
every other citizen.
He hadn't yet been found
guilty of anything.
So. looking back. you
you don't regret
taking that meeting?
No. I don't regret
taking the meeting.
I believe it was
my responsibility
to take that meeting.
So. with regard to
this crane accident.
did you ever meet with anyone
else other than Dean Burroughs.
the man who was accused
of negligent homicide?
Yes. I had a meeting
with Charlotte Morris.
the widow of the man who
died when the crane fell.
And did Mrs. Morris express
any opinion about the case?
She believed what happened
was a tragic accident.
She didn't want to
see any charges filed.
Mr. Burroughs had already
agreed to a sizable
multimillion-dollar
civil settlement.
and Mrs. Morris felt that was
a satisfactory resolution.
She said the family had
been through enough pain
and they needed to move
on with their lives.
you know. start to heal.
And I agreed to allow her that.
You know. everyone
keeps forgetting.
this crane didn't just
fall out of the sky.
We were in the middle
of a wind event
with gusts that. at times.
topped 90 miles an hour.
And the last time that
happened in this city
was back in the 1960s.
And I think Mrs. Morris
was very mindful of that.
She viewed it
as an act of God.
as did the insurance company.
As did I.
The only one who appears not to
have embraced that point of view
is the attorney general.
I have no further
questions. Your Honor.
Then court is adjourned
until 9:00 a.m. tomorrow.
BULL: As the people
who've been with me
the longest. I'm sure
you found my actions
over the past week a
little puzzling. maybe
even disappointing.
And now.
here we are. deep
enough into the trial
for any reasonable
person to suspect that we
will not prevail.
So. I just wanted to thank
you all for your hard work
and apologize if I let you down.
For what it's worth.
from what I have heard in court
yesterday and today.
it sounds to me like you
guys were punching holes
in the other side's arguments.
It's gonna take more than holes.
[inhales] We need a
unanimous not guilty vote.
or else we are
looking at a mistrial.
And given that it is
the attorney general
who is bringing this case
and it seems like he's
got some skin in the game
you can be sure he is
perfectly happy to try
this again next year.
Which leaves our client
on hold for a whole year.
unable to move on with his life
and his reputation destroyed.
I'm-I'm confused. What
is it that we need?
I mean. what is it that's gonna
turn this whole thing around?
Just... [inhales] ...let
me know and I'll find it.
A witness who will [inhales]
take the stand and
say in a clear voice
this whole thing was a setup.
It exists not to right a wrong
but to sideline a
political rival.
[sighs]
Anyway.
I have got nothing
more to contribute.
So I'm gonna go retire to my
office couch.
Ms. Rentzel. Ms. Morgan.
Mr. Palmer. Ms. James.
Thank you.
I have something.
It's probably nothing.
I just found it curious.
But I've been going through.
Sherman's campaign
contribution logs.
And for what it's worth.
everything looks
on the up-and-up.
And then I thought. "Hey".
"what's good for the goose is
good for the gander." So then
I started poking around
the attorney general's
campaign contribution logs.
And? Again. it's
probably nothing.
But... he opened this
Senate exploratory account.
a place where people can
donate to his campaign
even before he
officially announces.
And?
You know who donated $2.500?
Ken Kiehl.
Who's Ken Kiehl?
Well. he's a guy who. on
paper. worked for D.A. Sherman.
And since Sherman was also
talking about a Senate run.
it just... seemed odd to me
that he'd be contributing
to a competitor.
Ken Kiehl.
Izzy's always talking about him.
He recruited Benny
to run for D.A.
♪
Is this where you
volunteer for the campaign?
Wow.
[laughs]
Send this to Ripley.
He wouldn't believe it.
Boss know you're here?
Nope.
[exhales]
What can I do you for?
I wanted to talk to you.
You're still a lawyer. right?
Yeah.
There.
I just hired you.
I'd like to invoke
attorney-client privilege.
♪
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
BAILIFF: All rise. The New
York State Superior Court
is now in session.
the Honorable Judge
Rand presiding.
[gavel bangs]RAND:
Is the defense
prepared to rest? Uh. we
moving on to closing arguments?
CHUNK: With the
court's permission.
we would actually like
to call one last witness.
The defense would like to call
Benjamin Colón to the stand.
[door opens]
[whispers]: Trust me.
Good morning. Mr. Colón.Good
morning. Mr. Palmer.
Now. do you know a prosecutor
in the Manhattan D.A.'s
office named Kenneth Kiehl?
I-I do. I know him well.
In fact. he encouraged
me to run for the office
that District Attorney
Sherman resigned.
Objection. Relevance?
Mr. Palmer.
I assume this is
going somewhere.
It is. Your Honor.
And we'll get there in
the very near future.
[chuckles] Yes. we
will. Your Honor.
But I would ask for
a little leeway.
Proceed.
And to the best
of your knowledge.
how long has A.D.A. Kiehl worked
in the Manhattan D.A.'s office?
Uh. I believe he's been
there for about eight years.
So. up until very recently.
Mr. Sherman. my
client. was his boss?
Yes.
The defense would like
to offer into evidence
a page from the
attorney general's.
Senate campaign accounts record.
It shows that Mr. Ken Kiehl.
who worked for then
District Attorney Sherman.
made a donation of $2.500
to the man who not only
is seeking the same
office as his boss
but also who brought this
legal action against him.
So entered. CHUNK:
Now. Mr. Colón.
does the news of this
contribution surprise you?
It might have two weeks ago.
but based on a conversation
we had the other night.
uh. it makes perfect sense.
And why is that?
Well. Mr. Kiehl explained
to me that Mr. Sherman
had been a thorn in the side
of many people in government.
most especially the
attorney general.
Objection! Relevance.
Neither this... Mr. Kiehl
nor the attorney general
are on trial here.
CHUNK: Your Honor.
the defense is trying to prove
that there was a conspiracy
to oust District Attorney
Sherman from office
and to effectively remove him
from the upcoming Senate race.
Mr. Kiehl's comments
go directly to the
heart of that matter.
I concur. Objection overruled.
You may continue. Mr. Palmer.
And did Mr. Kiehl tell you
why the attorney general
and so many other
people in government
wanted to get rid of
District Attorney Sherman?
He said he was too straight.
Basically. too honest.
Stood in the way
of too many things.
too many people. too much money.
He had to go.
[quietly]: Thank you. Benny.
CHUNK: He was too honest.
Getting in the way
of too much money.
He had to go.
No further questions
for this witness.
Mr. Colón.
isn't it true that
up until last week.
you worked for the very firm
that is now defending
Mr. Sherman?
That is true.
Then why should anyone
on this jury believe you?
The man who just questioned
you is your friend.
The man he works
for is the father
of your niece.
The man they're defending
was someone you worked for
at the end of your career
as a city prosecutor.
And your point is?
I have friends. so I
shouldn't be believed?
Yes.
The man who was questioning
me is my friend.
A good friend.
And the man he is
here defending...
Turns out he's a friend. too.
Did me a huge kindness once.
and I didn't even know about it.
Now. that is a real friend.
And my niece's father?
Maybe the best friend I
have in the whole world.
Maybe the best friend
I'll ever have.
You want to know why
you should believe me?
I have everything to lose
and nothing to gain
by coming here.
As I'm sure you know.
I'm running to
replace the defendant
as the city's district attorney.
And what you may or may not know
is that I am up in the polls.
I am poised to win.
Nevertheless. I
believe so strongly
in what I'm telling you.
I believe so strongly
in former District Attorney
Sherman's innocence
that...
I'm officially
withdrawing from the race.
and am supporting
any and all efforts
to return Mr. Sherman
to an office
he never should have been forced
to give up in the first place.
[gallery whispering]
How's that for a
reason to believe me?
Next question.
You heard the man. Counselor.
[Benny sighs]
Jury was out in all
of eight minutes.
That must be some
kind of record.
Yeah. congrats on the
verdict. Not guilty.
That's got to feel great.
No. congrats to you.
And thank you.
I don't know how to thank you.
Well. I'm not the
man you should thank.
Oh. no. I beg to differ.
[Benny chuckles]
Thanks for doing that.
Thanks for putting your
dream on hold for me.
I owe you.
I've owed you for
years and years
and didn't even know it.
Now we're even.
CHUNK: I just got a text from
the attorney general's office.
They're issuing warrants
for Investigator Martel
and Ken Kiehl's arrest.
Perjury. conspiracy.
obstruction of justice
and witness tampering.
Going after everybody
but himself.
[Chunk chuckles][elevator
bell dings]
Let's get some food.
This one's on me.
BULL: Yes. indeed.
Text me where you end
up. I'll meet you later.
Uh. hey. guys. you know what?
I will meet you there as well.
Speaking of getting
your job back...
I should warn you.
In light of your
abominable behavior.
I'm gonna make this hard on you.
I'm not taking a penny less
than half the money
you used to pay me.
Sorry. no. Double or nothing.
[exhales] Drive a hard bargain.
[chuckles]
I missed you. man.
Yeah. I'm an idiot.
I know you are.
I got to find Izzy. There's
something with the sitter.
But. uh. I'll catch up with you.
Yeah.
IZZY: I know this girl.
You ditch your friends.
buy her a couple of drinks. and.
and she's gonna let you take
her home and share her bed.
Really?
You think I'm just
gonna roll over
and let you have
your way with me?
What would you like to drink?
'Cause I can call ahead
and have them sitting
on the bar for us.
What was your name
again?[chuckles]
I don't understand. If Chunk
didn't tell you about Benny
beating the bejesus out
of that guy. then who did?
You know. I can't tell you.
It's attorney-client privilege.
[keys jangle]Well. I don't understand.
'cause you're not an attorney.
Um. I'm gonna go
check on Astrid.
Will you pay the sitter? I think
she's probably in the kitchen.
I do as I'm told.
[sighs. clears throat]
Judge Rand?
What are you doing in my
kitchen at 11:00 at night?
I don't know.
I'm a judge.
Some lady told me a
couple of crazy kids
want to get married tonight.
ALL: Surprise!
[laughing. cheering]
CHUNK: Come on. Yeah!
You people are crazy.
A surprise wedding in
a kitchen? CHUNK: Yes.
Isn't it romantic?
[whispers]: It is romantic.
Dearly beloved.
we are gathered here tonight
in this pretty damn
romantic kitchen
to witness the joining of Jason
and Isabella
in the sacred
covenant of marriage.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org